Release notes0.2.0 preview (#306)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: changelog.txt

### New Features:
**Microsoft Identity Web implements the C# 8.0 nullable standard**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/15).
**Microsoft Identity Web now validates the app roles for a Web API, for example a Web API called by a daemon application**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/131).
**Microsoft Identity Web now supports .NET Core 5.0**, in addition to .NET Core 3.1. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/194).
**The project templates now have an option to generate the call to a downstream Web API, or a call to Microsoft Graph**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/196).
**Microsoft Identity Web now has the ability to specify custom cookie options in the `AddMicrosoftWebApp` methods**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/237).

### Bug Fixes:

> **When accessing KeyVault, storage flags need to used, as there is no user profile**. The correct storage flags are now used. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/219).
> **Uses the workaround for the same site issue, based on the list of compatible browsers**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/238).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When accessing Azure Key Vault, the correct storage flags are now used, as there is no user profile**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/219).
**Uses the workaround for the clients incompatible with the `SameSite=None` cookie attribute**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/238).
```

**Fixed a dependency injection anti-pattern when resolving `ITokenAcquisition`**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/240).
**The `TokenValidationParameters` are now cloned before using**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/241).
**Microsoft Identity Web now throws a `SecurityTokenValidationException`**, when there is an invalid audience. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/242).
**Microsoft Identity Web no longer throws if the user sets the custom audiences**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/243).

> **Remove multiple calls to `HandleCodeRedemption` in `TokenAcquisition`**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/246).

Reviewer 2: Removed?

> **Microsoft Identity Web no longer throws if the user sets the custom audiences**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/243).
> **Remove multiple calls to `HandleCodeRedemption` in `TokenAcquisition`**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/246).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Microsoft Identity Web no longer throws an exception if the user sets the custom audiences**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/243).
**Removed multiple calls to `HandleCodeRedemption` in `TokenAcquisition`**. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/246).
```

**Fixes to the `MsalSessionTokenCacheProvider`**, such as removing the static lock object and removing the session commit. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/252).
**In the `AccountController`, Microsoft Identity Web now uses `IOptions` instead of `IOptionsMonitor`**, for consistency. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/232).

> **Microsoft Identity Web no longer calls the `BuildServiceProvider()`**, as in NET 5.0 there is an overload with the service. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/234).
> **Microsoft Identity Web now uses the `SuggestedCacheKey`** returned in the `TokenCacheNotificationArgs` from MSAL to determine the correct cache key. This enables the removal of several lines of code and the use of the `HttpContext.User`. See issue [235](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/235), [248](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/248), [273]https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/273(), and [222](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/222) for details.
> **Microsoft Identity Web now pulls the `client_info` directly from the protocol message**. See [issue for more details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/245).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Microsoft Identity Web no longer calls the `BuildServiceProvider` in the configuration methods** and uses a more appropriate `Configure` overload that provides the required `IServiceProvider` instance. See [issue for details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/234).
**Microsoft Identity Web now uses the `SuggestedCacheKey`** returned in the `TokenCacheNotificationArgs` from MSAL to determine the correct cache key. This enables the removal of several lines of code and the use of the `HttpContext.User`. See issue [235](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/235), [248](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/248), [273](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/273), and [222](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/222) for details.
**Microsoft Identity Web now retrieves the `client_info` data directly from the protocol message**. See [issue for more details](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/245).
```
